ocamlformat-rpc v2: Add a command to the rpc server to format in the style of a file (#1935)
ocaml-ppx/ocamlformat: CHANGES.md

#### New features

#### RPC

  + RPC v2 (#1935, @panglesd):

>     - Define a 'Format' command parameterized with optionnal arguments to set or override the config and path.

Author: Following Julow suggestions I only kept arguments to override config and path
```suggestion
    - Define a 'Format' command parameterized with optional arguments to override the config and path.
```

  + ocamlformat-rpc-lib is now functorized over the IO (#1975, @gpetiot).
    Now handles `Csexp.t` types instead of `Sexplib0.Sexp.t`.

  + RPC v2 (#1935, @panglesd):
    - Define a 'Format' command parameterized with optionnal arguments to set or override the config and path.

>     - Define a 'Path' command to ask the server to take the configuration given by the `.ocamlformat` files for a specific path.

Reviewer: This changed.

Reviewer 2: done

  + Handle let operator punning uniformly with other punning forms.
    Normalizes let operator to the punned form where possible, if output syntax version is at least OCaml 4.13.0. (#1834, #1846, @jberdine)

  + Added optionnal arguments to the format command to set or override the config and path. (#1935, @panglesd)

>   + Added a command to ask the server to take the configuration given by the ocamlformat’s dot files for a specific path. (#1935, @panglesd)

Reviewer 2: Maybe we should add a separate section for the RPC (both server and client) in the changelog

Author: I added a `RPC changelog` section
